♪ MTV ♪
This is so weird.
Why is she here?
Emotional support.
For who?
Surprise!
You have an employee who failed
to report theft of an asset
worth $7 million dollars.
Every company has
a version of Tommy.
You cannot function without one.
- Kill the well.
- Take a pill.
You got yourself a new crew yet?
Not yet. I'm looking for one.
You just wrestled them.
I need to see the crash site.
They sent an expert in
causation of liability.
They're looking
for someone to blame.
They're gonna blame it on you.
You got to get this attorney
on your side. Tommy.
You're the worm.
Elvio did a very good job
of describing you.
You're Ariana.
You ever put your arm
around my cousin's widow again.
I'll fucking kill you.
Honey. if you tell me
you want to try again.
I'll try again.
All right.
guys. sway those hips out.
And open those legs
a little bit.
Sink into that bend.
♪ I wanna see you
roll with it... ♪
Rock it out.
How you feeling. ladies?
- Good.
- Feel good.
You ready?
Now roll it out.
Big circles. Big.
♪ Wobble that. right here.
twerk with it ♪
Stretch out those hamstrings.
Other way.
♪ I wanna see you roll with it.
take it low... ♪
There you go.
Bring it around town.
♪ Twerk with it... ♪
Again.
♪ I wanna see you roll
with it. take it low... ♪
And we're gonna roll it
to the right. girls.
You know what to do.
Roll with it. A big one.
Faster. together.
Roll with it.
- Let's warm it up. y'all.
- Yup.
Hey. we're at the courthouse. right?
No. we're at the attorney's
office across the street.
All right. well.
text me the address.
Now get lower!
How long is your family staying.
Tommy?
Only one of 'em is my family.
and I don't know.
Okay. well. see.
the house is essentially
my office. and they are...
How best to put this?
Disrupting your workspace.
Well put. yes.
When they twerk
in the living room
in their fucking underwear.
it disrupts my workspace.
Okay. I'll talk to 'em.
I don't want you
to talk to them. Tommy.
I want you
to get them out of the house.
This is a liability
cluster bomb.
I'm working on it.
Work faster.
I'll see you at the deposition.
- Morning. Neil.
- Nathan.
Nate. Either way.
Oh.
Are you. uh.
enjoying your workout?
Just keeping the peach plump.
Nate.
Well. that's nice. Oh.
I just...
- And again.
- Um...
Work that spine.
Not-not looking.
I just need to...
get my files.
- Back to the center.
- Excuse me.
- You have a good day. now.
- Arch that back.
Yes.
Pretty wound up. that one.
Old men are so cute
when they're shy.
There you go.
♪ gentle music ♪
***
Why didn't you report
the theft of the King Air?
I did report it.
This is a copy
of a report filed
with the FAA.
Note the date.
Yes. we have this.
Why did you not report it
to local authorities?
Because local authorities
have no jurisdiction.
It's the responsibility
of the FAA
to report any theft
to local law enforcement
if. in fact. it was a theft.
I don't own or manage the plane.
I don't control the manifest.
And as far as I know.
it could've been chartered
or leased out.
Objection. Speculation.
If you didn't want an answer.
you shouldn't have asked
the question. number one.
Number two.
this is a deposition.
Who was your objection
directed toward?
It's directed
toward your client.
Which is to say
it's directed toward me.
In that case.
objection is overruled.
Isn't it fun
being out of law school?
Maybe you should go back
since you clearly
do not understand
how a deposition works.
He is testifying under oath
to questions you ask.
The only person
who can object is me.
- I can tell him not to answer--
- You can advise.
And his failure
to answer questions
will be addressed in court.
Which it should be.
Instead of wasting
our fucking time in deposition.
Can we pause recording?
Can counsel speak?
By all means.
Let's step
into the conference room.
- Have a seat.
- I'm fine.
Listen. hon. we were playing
the pissed-off litigator
while you were still
being bathed by your daddy.
My father died
before I was born.
defending your right to say
offensive and sexist remarks
like the ones
you just uttered here
in front of six witnesses.
all of whom are attorneys
and three of whom are women.
So if this is how
you talk to a woman
in front of a court reporter...
...I wonder what interesting
tales they have to tell
about those late-night
discovery sessions.
Let's just take the temperature
down a notch.
Take the temperature down?
We are not the ones
who are seeking depositions.
Let me point the facts of
this case out to you. all right?
Your driver used a private road.
owned and constructed by
my client. without permission.
- We had permission.
- I've seen no such documents
- submitted by counsel.
- Permission was verbal.
- Permission from who?
- Tommy Norris.
Would you ask Mr. Norris
to come in here. please?
♪ soft. dramatic music ♪
***
- Listen. let's--
- I'm done speaking to you.
May I speak?
Feel free.
I know
where you're going with this.
and you need to understand.
a verbal agreement
is legally binding
in the state of Texas.
If it can be proven.
Did you give permission for TTP
to use our cutoff
to Highway 285?
When 302 was closed
for night construction.
they asked if they could use the
bypass. and I allowed 'em to.
Did they ask
for that courtesy to be extended
beyond the closure
of the highway?
They did not.
Were you.
or any M-TEX employees. aware
of their continued use
of the road?
I wasn't. but I can't speak
for anybody else.
Mm-hmm.
You had restricted permission.
which had expired.
You made no request
to extend it.
The plane in question
was reported stolen
and was in possession
of the thieves
at the time of the accident.
But even
if it hadn't been stolen.
we could land it in the middle
of the road whenever we want.
It's our fucking road.
You had no right.
easement. lease.
nor permission to use the road.
To assert otherwise is false.
and the mere insinuation
we were complicit
in the theft
of the plane is defamatory
and will be treated as such.
Not to mention
multiple attempts. on record.
of your partner making
a derogatory statement
about my gender and stating
that I bathed with my father.
falsely insinuating
an incestuous
and criminally
sexual relationship
with a deceased Army Ranger.
Uncle. We get it.
Do you?
Think they hired me
'cause I'm pretty?
I charge $900 an hour.
you asshole.
and you're real close
to learning why.
So. here's what
you're going to do.
You're gonna drop
this bullshit claim.
You. your client.
and your insurance company
are going to circle up
and take your eight-figure
settlement like men.
or I will sue this firm.
your client.
and your insurance company
for defamation. slander.
frivolous
and malicious prosecution.
intentional infliction
of emotional distress.
mental anguish. and...
anything else
I can come up with.
And when this is over
in seven years.
you will be disbarred
and I will hang your law degrees
over my fucking toilet.
Ah. shit.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
Would you draft up
the settlement. please?
And make sure
it's withdrawn with prejudice.
Oh. no one is leaving but me.
Draft the settlement here.
have them sign it here.
Don't you want to be here
to negotiate the language?
We're not negotiating language.
This is a surrender.
They sign what you write.
and I'll be waiting
at the courthouse
with CBS News if they don't.
Is that how you play
pissed-off litigator?
Didn't think so.
You're good to go. Tommy.
Rebecca?
So. I'm done with my deposition?
Everyone's done
with the deposition.
You want to go have a drink?
A drink?
Yeah. Let's go have a drink.
To... what? Discuss
the next eight-figure lawsuit
we're facing because of you?
Not because of me.
You stand
in the fall guy position.
That makes them about you.
Well. that's not what
I want to talk about. anyway.
Well. what do you want
to talk about?
Shit. I don't know.
Just talk.
You know. about you. the
weather. Shit. I don't know.
The weather in West Texas? Hot.
What else
are we gonna talk about?
Um...
Well. your dad was
an Army Ranger. Start there.
My father is
an investment banker in Chicago.
I made that shit up.
You know. I didn't
give you enough credit.
Nobody does.
Look. I'm a fairly
goal-oriented person.
in case you didn't notice.
so I need to understand
the purpose of this drink.
There's no purpose.
I just enjoyed watching you.
and I thought
we'd give a little toast
to a pretty one-sided
ass-whipping. that's all.
Hmm. 60-year-old.
two-pack-a-day smoker
who's living in a rent house
in Midland. Texas
is not how I've drawn up
my dream man.
And if you're thinking something
a little more casual.
you're up against a little toy
the size of a lipstick case
that doesn't talk back and never
makes me sleep in the wet spot.
Well. you lawyers sure do
think shit through. don't you?
I barely got past a beer.
which. by the way.
I'm gonna have
whether you're with me or not.
I'll follow you.
Fair enough.
♪ Cowboy hat fits you
awful nice ♪
♪ With every drink. I'm scooting
closer to your side ♪
♪ Since when am I the one
to make all the moves? ♪
♪ With you. I feel like
I can break all the rules ♪
♪ Well. how lucky am I... ♪
This is the worst
spring break ever.
We could go get pedicures.
You think there's
Asian women in Midland?
Good point. baby.
♪ The western sky with... ♪
Well. I don't know.
♪ In my eyes for you to... ♪
We could go to the country club.
Yeah.
That's my girl.
♪ How lucky am I? ♪
***
Is that what I think it is?
It depends on
what you think it is.
I think it's a felony.
It's what you think it is.
Hey. Dan.
How's the wife?
Is she still going
through her chemo?
Piece of shit.
What. y'all quit policing
the wildlife around here?
What the fuck?
What did I do to you?
Don't come over here.
If you're gonna sell your ass.
do it over there.
- I have an open tab.
- I don't give a shit.
Hey. can you just go back
to your seat over there. ma'am?
- Appreciate you.
- Fucking asshole.
Man. there's nothing I can do.
all right?
She put down
a credit card on her tab.
As long as she keeps buying
drinks. we can't kick her out.
Did you bother
to check her I.D.?
Geez. why didn't I think
of that?
Yeah. I checked her fucking I.D.
This fucking bartender.
You're telling me she's 21?
What I'm telling you
is that her I.D. says she's 21.
just like most of your crew have
valid Social Security numbers.
Touché.
Do you want another?
Yeah. I might as well.
Girl's right. You're an asshole.
Maybe she doesn't have
any other choice.
Are you shitting me?
Look around this place.
You see all these waitresses
working their asses off
for a third of what she makes?
No. she had a choice
and she chose the shortcut.
which is always
the longest road.
Boomtowns.
Hell. we're not any different
than Tombstone
or Dodge City or San Francisco.
First comes the dreamers.
then the bankers.
then the salesmen.
then the sharks.
then the desperate.
and then the thieves.
What happens in a bust?
Well. you want oil to live
above 60 but below 90.
And don't get me wrong.
we're still printing money
at 90. but...
gas gets up over $3.50
a gallon. it starts to pinch.
It hits a hundred.
every product in America
has to readjust its price.
$78 a barrel.
that's about perfect.
You know. brings enough profit
to keep exploring.
but it don't sting as much
at the pump.
Unless. of course.
you're in California.
I mean. they tax the shit
out of it out there.
It could be $45 a barrel. and
it's still four dollars to pump.
I don't know how those
son-bitches do it out there.
2020. a barrel of oil
was worthless.
This place became a ghost town.
And nobody's immune.
Kids have to quit college.
Trucks get sold or repo'd.
Houses. too.
People quit going to the doctor
'cause they lost
their insurance.
Yeah. a bust affects
everything in a town like this.
Even the lifespan
of the population.
The smart ones.
they pay cash for everything
and then sock away enough
to ride out the troughs.
but there ain't
that many smart ones.
This is how you have
a celebration drink?
Well. shit. you asked.
♪ Well. if you've been true ♪
♪ Well.
if you've been true ♪
- Mrs. Norris.
- Oh. I'm Mrs. Russo now.
Ah. yes.
The club is closed for
a private event this evening.
Really?
- Yes. ma'am.
- What's the event?
The private kind.
Mm-hmm.
Let's go.
Where are we going now?
Who cares? Not here.
♪ hopeful music ♪
***
♪ "Wrecked"
by Turnpike Troubadours ♪
***
♪ Well. lookin' back
when I met you... ♪
When I first went
to work in the oil field.
there were three
kinds of people:
worms. ginsels and skinheads.
So. Monty got in
at $900 an acre
- on a 30.000-acre track in 2011.
- Mm-hmm.
Started fracking
and drilling horizontals.
This whole area was played out.
They'd been drilling here
since 1921.
Pretty worn.
Well. Monty's got a lease
outside Midland
in an area they call
the Delaware Subbasin.
He sold 10.000 acres in 2019
for $70.000 an acre.
$700 million dollars
in one transaction.
And then. in 2020.
he bought it all back
at ten cents on the dollar.
Wow.
Paid 'em with their own money.
And he grew up with nothing.
Raised in a little trailer park
in Pennsylvania.
He got a scholarship
to play ball at Tech.
He was smart enough
to know football
wasn't really a business.
it was more of a dream. so...
I thought you said it's dreamers
who come to this place.
Well. it can be the dream.
but you got to have a plan.
you know?
Most don't.
Monty always had a plan.
Matter of fact.
I think he made more money
during the busts
than he did the booms.
Evening. ladies.
- Evening.
- Breakfast or supper?
Happy hour.
All right. my kind of table.
Two Tito's margaritas.
Tito's is a vodka.
I'm trying to behave.
Gotcha.
Y'all want some appetizers
for the table?
Do you have anything keto?
Uh. shrimp cocktail
is pretty keto.
Hmm. Little far
from the ocean for seafood.
Well. we can fry 'em.
Kind of defeats the purpose.
don't you think?
You know. they grind up
them shrimp tails
and they put 'em
in all those weight-loss pills.
so feet for tail.
you ain't gaining a pound.
Is that true?
Proof is in the pudding. darling.
Hmm?
We'll do a basket of the shrimp.
You got it.
You learn something new
every day.
That looks like Daddy.
That sorry son of a bitch.
You want another drink?
No. I got to drive.
and so do you.
There ain't no alcohol in this.
Those are nonalcoholic?
Yeah. they're nonalcoholic
if you're an alcoholic.
I swear to God.
Barney is a trust-fund kid
that bartends for fun.
'cause he damn sure
don't want a tip.
No. I divorced whiskey
about nine years ago.
Remember us. motherfucker?
Matter of fact.
the same week I divorced her.
You got a side piece?
Daddy. you don't have
another daughter. do you?
First off. goddamn. girls.
No. honey.
you're my only daughter.
And by the way. you have to have
a main piece before
you can have a side piece.
and I ain't got either one.
This is Rebecca "Falcon."
She's an attorney
representing the company.
Sounds like a fucking
Marvel character.
It's pronounced "Fal-coney."
and it sounds like it's Italian.
- Mm-hmm.
- We just got out of court.
Well. it looks
like it went well.
Why are you here?
We wanted a drink.
She's on spring break.
and she should be drinking.
Come on.
This is Aledo's
mother of the year.
in case you were wondering.
- Thank you.
- Well. y'all enjoy it
'cause we're about to head out.
Together?
Well...
as a matter of coincidence.
we will be leaving the café
at the same time.
and we're gonna get
in different cars
and go to our respective homes.
Not that I owe you
a fucking explanation.
Well. you don't want
to stay for supper?
- No. honey.
- Yeah. Tommy.
Stay for supper.
Your lawyer and her lips
are welcome to join us.
No. I'm sure
she'd rather go home
and push her cuticles back
with a fucking screwdriver.
I'd love to join.
Well... suit yourself.
We have a table right there.
Now. you know
this has the potential
of becoming a real scene.
- you understand that. right?
- Mm-hmm.
I have a funny feeling
I'm gonna learn a lot
about you tonight. Tommy.
Let me get this.
I already got it.
♪ Caught up in your headlights ♪
♪ Well. I was blindsided
in plain sight ♪
♪ purposeful music ♪
***
Oh. stop. stop!
What's going on?
Stop work. fucking stop!
The fuck is going on. Antonio?
- Kill the rig!
- Oh. shit. he hurt.
- Fuck. Fuck. fuck.
- Now go get him. go get him.
He coming.
Ah. hurry up!
Get on the blocks. worm.
What?
Hold on tight.
Antonio. we're coming.
Shit.
You okay?
Now I got to unclip him.
Oh. fuck.
Lean back. lean back. lean back!
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
All right. all right. all right.
Give him to me.
- I got him. I got him.
- He's passing out!
- Hold on. hold on.
- Take him down slow!
All right. let's go down!
I got him. I got him.
Oh. shit!
Fuck!
He's out. he's out!
I got him. I got him!
You got him?
What the fuck happened?
- Come right here. Come on now.
- Oh. shit. his hand's fucked.
- Come on.
- Watch his head.
Yeah. watch his head.
Manny. you got him?
- Boss. get down here!
- Yeah!
Cooper.
get that front door open!
I'm coming.
I got him.
- Go. go. go. go.
- Goddamn it!
God... Shit.
Keep that door open.
Come on. get him in.
Push.
We'll get him in.
You're all right. Tony.
- Yeah. pull.
- You're all right. Tony.
He's in.
- Boss!
- Yeah.
You get that rig running!
We need this well on line
in the morning!
Yes. sir.
We're a man down!
That sounds
like a problem. Manny.
I didn't ask you for a problem.
I asked you for a solution.
Find one!
Fuck.
- Oh. fuck.
- Fuck.
You know what
a derrickhand does. right?
Yeah. f-feeds the pipe.
Put this shit on.
Feeds the pipe
into the fingers of the derrick.
Just don't jam me the fuck up
down here. you got it?
- I got it.
- Okay.
My dream was
to see George Strait in concert.
That was part of the dream.
The other part was
climbing him like a cat
and riding that fine
son of a bitch
until he had calluses
on his thighs.
So. it's my birthday.
and we are flying high.
Oil's over a hundred a barrel.
- Hundred and forty-three.
- Mm-hmm.
So Tommy says.
"I'm gonna take you to Cancún.
Grandparents are gonna
watch the kids."
You were two. I think.
Baby. you were just
like a fat. little bug.
So we go to the FBO.
get on this plane.
and I'm dressed for the beach.
Plane takes off.
and not 20 minutes later
we're landing.
I look out the window.
we're in Lubbock.
Tommy says. "There's
some issue with the plane.
Let's get something to eat."
So we go to the Overton Hotel.
and he says he's got a room.
Now. I think he's being frisky
'cause Tommy's still not above
making a detour for a good poke.
Come on. honey.
don't say that...
- Dad.
- ...in front of people. God.
We go out to this giant suite
where there is
a black sequin ball gown
laying on the bed.
- Mm.
- And he says. "Put it on."
I do.
He comes out of the other room
wearing this tux.
And he says to me.
"I lied to you. baby.
We're not going to Mexico.
We're gonna stay
right here in Lubbock.
and I'm gonna make one half
of your dream come true."
He takes me down to the ballroom
where George Strait is
playing a private event.
And we two-stepped
that dance floor
with George Strait playing
just for us.
♪ And I'm gonna give it
one more minute... ♪
Three weeks later.
the markets crashed
and oil dropped to 30.
♪ Empty as a drum... ♪
We lost everything.
♪ Could you spare a cigarette? ♪
♪ I hate to be a bum... ♪
And I do mean everything.
Shit. I just remembered.
I got to go.
Can we get a ride back with you?
Well. it's gonna be a while yet.
I. uh. got to check
on a rig. so...
- Oh. I can call an Uber.
- I can give you a ride.
Well. I-I'll see you
at the house. hon.
All right.
♪ When you darkened up... ♪
He doesn't like to talk
about the bust.
No. I guess...
I guess he wouldn't.
♪ And you kissed me ♪
♪ Said I can't say
that I'm great ♪
♪ Oh. Lord. I hate it
that I'm... ♪
- Tommy.
- Hey.
You just got one floor hand.
I had to send one
up the derrick.
Derrickhand got smashed.
Dale took him to the hospital.
Is he gonna be all right?
As long as he can jack off
with his left hand.
I guess. yeah.
Who is that?
Not my idea.
Manuel.
Is it going smooth?
Going smooth now.
♪ Yeah. it all went down
round these four walls ♪
♪ If it's anyone's fault ♪
♪ It's the lime and the salt ♪
♪ For breaking
this broken heart ♪
♪ I blame the bar... ♪
Remarried?
What's your husband do?
Builds hotels.
♪ That it didn't work out... ♪
Can I ask...
what you're doing here?
♪ Being young and dumb... ♪
We're on spring break.
You're not his type.
You mean aside from
the 30-year age difference?
Tommy needs calamities.
You know. he needs blowouts.
He needs to control things
that can't be controlled
to feel like a man.
Why are you so jealous of me?
Honey. I could sleep
with your boyfriend
in front of you.
and there's nothing
that you could do about it.
I mean. why are you
jealous at all?
He's not your husband.
You have a different husband.
Fucking lawyers.
♪ Mmm ♪
Burning the midnight oil. Nate?
One down. two to go.
Working out settlements
for the Medina family.
Did they file suit?
Just getting ahead of it.
Do the right thing.
Well. those are two
different things. Nathan.
You still awake. babe?
It's-it's crazy
'cause I-I believe you.
but then I-I kind of don't.
you know?
Okay. what's wrong?
She's a quitter.
She's a fucking quitter.
Market crashes
and she leaves you.
Finds the richest man
who will have her.
Well. honey.
there's more to it than that.
No. there isn't.
It's hard to describe what
it means to lose everything.
Your house and your car.
We had to sell
all of her jewelry.
And I was no picnic.
I hid in a bottle and didn't
come out till she left me.
She was just trying to do
the best thing
for you and your brother.
And it's not worth
one tear out of you. hon.
Okay.
And it doesn't matter because...
even if there
hadn't been a bust.
we would've still ended.
We're just oil and water.
You know what I mean?
You get some sleep. honey.
I'll never quit you.
No matter what the market does.
I know you won't. baby girl.
♪ somber music ♪
***
Every damn woman in my life.
All right. let me have it.
We were great together.
weren't we?
Honey...
We had a terrible marriage.
interrupted
by brief moments of joy.
I mean. remember.
you were pretty miserable
during the booms. don't forget.
You were always gone.
And I'll always be gone.
That's the job. hon.
I mean. we had great sex
and I made you laugh.
that was it.
I've lived the alternative.
I'll take great sex
and a laugh any day.
What else is there?
Look. I don't have a side piece
and I'm not looking
to be one myself.
I'm gonna leave him.
That's a pretty nice house
he's got.
It's a five-minute walk
to the fucking kitchen.
Big. nice jet.
The jet is nice. but...
successful relationships
require a sacrifice.
It's gonna be hard
to give up that Bentley.
The Bentley's in my name. baby.
This ain't my first rodeo.
Say yes.
It's a huge mistake.
I got three roommates.
Say yes.
Oh. fuck.
That's the plan. baby.
That's a lot of homework.
What are you doing?
Working. What the fuck?
Nate. that's your
last cup of coffee.
Honey. please put
some clothes on.
Somebody's gonna have
a heart attack.
Well. I need
to go shopping. then.
The only clothes I have
were to seduce my boyfriend.
Don't have that problem anymore.
You certainly do not.
- Busy kitchen.
- Yeah.
I'm going to my room.
Discretion's the better part
of valor. Nate.
Oh. God.
What?
All right. we're gonna have
a little fucked-up family hug?
Are we moving here for good?
Moving here for good. honey.
Wow.
Wow. you must've really
pulled out the special sauce.
Daddy told me just last night
how bad y'all are together.
Really?
Well. she was taking that
out of context.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway. I got a big day.
so I'm gonna get out of here.
Bye. honey.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
Ow. Goddamn.
See you later.
Ah. yeah.
I must be
out of my fucking mind.
♪ optimistic music ♪
***
- Dale.
- Yeah.
- What's it read?
- Well. we just got it going.
And. uh...
Oh. Here we go.
- We got a fucking gusher. boys.
- Yeah. we do.
Hey. how'd it go?
She's running.
Good.
Can you give me some numbers?
She'll pump over 250 a day.
We're in a good pocket.
Well. I don't like gambling.
but it paid off this time.
- Good work.
- Thank you. sir.
♪ tranquil music ♪
***
How'd he do?
Stepped up
when we needed him most.
Stepped up big-time.
That boy worked the derrick
like he'd been doing it
all winter.
All right.
Well...
I want you to come
see your mama.
She's still here?
She's gonna stick around
a while.
We're gonna give it
another shot.
Why would you do that?
'Cause that's how
fucking stupid I am.
***
Yeah.
Cooper.
Yeah. who's this?
Ariana.
How are you?
Um... been better.
Uh. is there anything I can do?
Hello?
I need to see you.
Can you do that for me?
Yeah. Yeah. I can do that.
♪ gentle music ♪
***